okay today I'm going to show you how you
can quickly and effectively test your
fuel injectors electrical resistance in
order to determine if they're in specs
basically there's only two tools you
need a nice digital multimeter like this
one right here I think I got this one at
Harbor Freight tools is about like three
dollars on sale you don't anything too
fancy if you don't have a Harbor Freight
where you live you can go to Radio Shack
or one more usually pick one up for
about ten bucks just you need a basic
one nothing too fancy for this and then
the only other tool you're going to need
is a nice flat blade screwdriver and
these are my fuel injectors out here
right here on the fuel rail right next
to anything manifold and
basically all you need to do is is a
metal clip right here you got to push
that in and then you want to take your
screwdriver I might have to do this two
hands so bear with me go pushing the
clip and while you're pushing it in
I'm going to pry up from the center this
one's more to come please
all right there we go got it off okay
now you can see down in the fuel
injector this two prongs and basically
you're going to want to take your nice
cheap digital multimeter this particular
bottle is not auto-ranging so I got to
turn it on set it to the home setting
here and I want to turn it down to 200
is the lowest setting because we're only
looking for output less than 20 ohms a
resistance
now you're going to want to take here
take the two probes black and red it
doesn't matter in which particular order
you touch them and you're going to want
to touch them down on these two prongs
down here then if you have a good
connection you'll get a nice reading and
right now I'm getting about 16 fine
items and that's about within specs for
this car now you might be asking
why why would the reading be off all it
causes it to be too low or too high well
in order to explain that I'd have to
quickly explain how a fuel ejector works
basically its fuel injectors an electric
solenoid it uses a thin long coil of
wire inside that when energized creates
a magnetic field which is pulsed on and
off to open the injector now if you have
resistance that is too low it usually
means that a part of that coil of wire
has broken off somewhere and that strand
and is now connecting lower in the coil
somewhere and that's basically what you
would call a short and that would give
you a lower than normal resistance and
would cause your injector not to fire
properly now if you had a higher in the
normal resistance that could be caused
by corrosion on the terminals may be
some type of corrosion inside the coil
wire basically either way you don't want
to have too low resistance or to higher
resistance fuel injectors are pretty
pretty
what I want to say pretty sensitive to
resistances so you want to have them
close to and inspect and all your fuel
injectors generally be within 2 ohms of
each other and this is a good check on
f-body cars because the GM multi
injectors that came with these cars are
known to fail so that's how you do it
pretty easy